README.md, before:

Conway's Game of Life
=====================

The Game of Life, also known simply as Life, is a cellular automaton devised by the British mathematician John Horton Conway in 1970.
The "game" is a zero-player game, meaning that its evolution is determined by its initial state, requiring no further input. One interacts with the Game of Life by creating an initial configuration and observing how it evolves.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life

![Game of Life](https://images.chaostangent.com/2009/08/gameoflife-1.gif)
![Game of Life](https://images.chaostangent.com/2009/08/gameoflife-2.gif)

Game Rules
----------

* A cell can be made "alive"
* A cell can be "killed"
* A cell with fewer than two live neighbours dies of under-population
* A cell with 2 or 3 live neighbours lives on to the next generation
* A cell with more than 3 live neighbours dies of overcrowding
* An empty cell with exactly 3 live neighbours "comes to life"
* The board should wrap

Our Aim
-------

Fork this project to your private repo, create an implementation in PHP, along with tests, and submit it as a PR.

Commit message:

Allow node, golang or php.

README.md, after:

Conway's Game of Life
=====================

The Game of Life, also known simply as Life, is a cellular automaton devised by the British mathematician John Horton Conway in 1970.
The "game" is a zero-player game, meaning that its evolution is determined by its initial state, requiring no further input. One interacts with the Game of Life by creating an initial configuration and observing how it evolves.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life

![Game of Life](https://images.chaostangent.com/2009/08/gameoflife-1.gif)
![Game of Life](https://images.chaostangent.com/2009/08/gameoflife-2.gif)

Game Rules
----------

* A cell can be made "alive"
* A cell can be "killed"
* A cell with fewer than two live neighbours dies of under-population
* A cell with 2 or 3 live neighbours lives on to the next generation
* A cell with more than 3 live neighbours dies of overcrowding
* An empty cell with exactly 3 live neighbours "comes to life"
* The board should wrap

Our Aim
-------

Fork this project to your private repo, create an implementation in either NodeJS, Golang or PHP. The only requirement is that it needs to have tests!
